1. Chen, Li and Fu want to find a procedure of doing hypothesis testing on the 
order of a normal mixture model. They invent a new expectation-maximazation 
(EM) for testing the null hypothesis. The power of the EM tests are used 
as a measure to assess the method.

2. For the simulation study of the EM test the set B (Beta), number of 
Iterations K (Kappa) and the penalty functions have to be specified. The 
significance level, the sample sizes and the number of repetitions are likely 
to affect the power of the test.

3. It is of course possible to test other choices of m, and not only 2 and 3.
This is however something they considered for sure. I would be interesting to 
see some other choices of B though. In this exampe they chose B={0.1,0.3,0.5}.

4. First we would make clear what parameters that has to be decided for an 
individual experiment and what the statistic is. Here the statistic is the EM,
and there is a whole bunch of parameters as mentioned above. The next thing to 
do is specifying test levels of each parameter. Then we would write a function 
taking a level of every parameter as input and returning a value of the test 
statistic. For each input combination we want to replicate the experiment m
times. This may be done by parallell processing for big data sets. Furthermore, 
we gather the data of each process into a data structure and present clearly in
either a table or a graphical figure. It is impotant to share code, levels, the 
seed and other data needed in order to reproduce the data. Other things to 
consider is reporting uncertainty, write efficient code and have good 
documentation. 

5. For the plot of type 1 errors they did a clever thing by showing the four 
combinations of n in {200, 400} and significance level in {0.01, 0.05} in a 2x2 
grid. That way it easy to compare levels seperately or sample size separetely 
by staring at the figure. However, I think they could have presented the 
parameter specifications better. It would be nice to have the specifications of 
the null models and of the alternative models next to each other. A way of 
doing that may be listing the parameter sets in one table and use horisontal 
lines to seperate. Still, it could be messy because of the EM power entries. 

6. It makes sense how the power varies with the DGM. The power is without 
exception equal or increasing as the sample size or repetitions increases. The 
slope of the change in power varies by model.

7. I looked into replication code at http://sas.uwaterloo.ca/~p4li/software/
emnorm.R. I did not find sufficient information about the PRNG in the code 
there, but I may have overlooked a note somewhere about where to find it. Also 
the JASA requirements include information about computers and major software 
components, but I cannot find that anywhere in the publication. It seems like 
satisfy all the other requirements. That includes information about the general 
procedure, the numerical agoritms, programming languages, estimated accuracy 
and clarity in presenting the result.